Enough of this bastard
How dare you say that one place has surpassed the ancient divine doctor
That's right, Mantoy
When to kill when to kill
kill
Shen Wenhao forgive me
Lu Yun doesn't know anything
I thought I would be very powerful if I was cured. In fact, Xueqing
Why don't you believe it?
I'm really better than him
I beg you to stop talking, okay?
Get out of here
Don't implicate our jumping beam clown
How to deal with it
One hundred times more than the old man, within a pillar of incense
You and I will consult these two
And this man's father.
Bless Our Lady
The old man worships you as his teacher
Ready to kowtow and commit suicide
Bad old man bad
You still want to learn from me?
University is not disabled
If there is any left, I will kowtow and apologize and commit suicide
Then I'm reluctant
Let you see what real suspense is
I'm a genius doctor, you'd better save me first, you save me first
The genius doctor saved my father first
shut up
The old man sighed.
You are also terminally ill
Win of three
It hasn't even started yet.
Bitterness concedes defeat
Both must die
Only the old lady can be saved
Whoever heals it wins
Kid old man
Don't cry, business, if he wants to save me, he will die
I cured you and you have to find other excuses
Or you come first
If you are afraid, then you will wait to die.
Go
Up the mountain
Eavesdropping on food